yo what is happening guys is me jay from
JP gaming and in this video I'm going to
show you guys I can build the Paul
Walker Nissan GTR from the phone for six
it's a wicked car and it requires the LG
and LG's in free calls for this is a
bill that everyone can do once you
purchase a LG drive down to your nearest
los santos customs in my case it's
someone in the center so i throw down to
it here a lot of people have already
made this on youtube and all credit goes
to them but i decided to change up a bit
to premises the iphone make the car look
bad this looks I've gone with a
different color and a few different
tweaks to the other people and yeah so
once you get your allergy which is free
just drive it down to any los santos
customs and drive it inside like i just
did now also shout out to my sponsors
her posh if you are watching this on the
whole polished channel be sure to head
down to my channel JP gaming links
should be in the description so as
always do upgrade to as much as you can
for the first two options i did my case
split with canids and rip apartment
diffuser really gifted that mean look
engine upgrade to as much and race
exhaust for the car exposed intercooler
it gives that mean look again hood
double vented for horn it's entirely up
to you i decide to go the last one
centralized to give it a street cred
when you're driving it around blue on
white license plates entirely up to you
again resprayed this is important part
go down to metallic colors for primary
and select blue just plain blue nothing
else and once you selected that we want
to put pearl set pearlescent on it and
we put racing through per lesson it
really gives that like a satin blue i
believe is called for secondary you are
going to blue and to select you'll go
down to metallic and select normal blue
and put roll cage and chassis upgrade
because most fast cars fast six calls
are for racing and roll cages are racing
poles so you know put carbon roof custom
Scouts one spoiler you wanna put GT wing
suspension compare competition
suspension bridge transmission or as
much you can afford again turbo you're
gonna put on if you can afford it or if
you have unlocked it four-wheel you
don't go down to school and select
organic type oh I don't know why I just
went on to SUV is organic type both four
wheels sports type wheel color go with a
carbon black for add-ons or accessories
it's entirely up you I chose bulletproof
tires and blue tie smoke and for window
tint you want to select light smoke so
it's a pretty cool build it really looks
mean since energies got the most upgrade
of options it really gives it that cool
look again if you're watching some the
whole portion will be sure to head down
to my channel if you're watching on my
channel be sure to go down to the pawn
channel and check out the video their
channel subscribe they make really cool
videos and stuff so yeah this how it
looks it's really cool I don't know I
just did some crazy backspin thing on
here I don't know how I did that my
driving is normally bad that was pretty
cool if I have to say so myself been
here guys I hope you guys enjoy this
video it's just a quick tutorial on how
to build this found time to make it so I
finally made it and yeah guys i've been
j from JP gaming do subscribe to my
channel if you're new around here like
this video if you enjoyed it or if it
helped you out peace